feat: add `excludeErrorLogs` option (#18)
rspack-contrib/rsbuild-plugin-check-syntax: README.md

});
```

> ### ignoreSyntaxErrorMsg

Reviewer: How about renaming this option to `excludeErrorLogs`?

- Align with `excludeOutput` option
- Shorter and more intuitive

Author: yeah, It is better. I have already revised it, please take a look at it when you have time～thanks

- **Type:** `('source' | 'output' | 'reason' | 'code')[]`
- **Default:** `[]`

> `excludeErrorLogs` is used to ignore specific syntax error messages during detection. You can pass in one or more syntax error messages to ignore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`excludeErrorLogs` is used to ignore specified syntax error messages after detection. You can pass in one or more error message types to ignore.
```

- **Example:**

> For example, to ignore the reason and code displayed by the terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to ignore the reason and code displayed in the terminal.
```
